Python OOP Assignment
Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?
modularity for easily troublshoot, reusability of code and flexibility through polimorphism

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
from bottom to top it and an inheritance search is simply tree search

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
class: it occupy space instance: it do not occupy physical space 

Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?

Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?
it is a constructor we use to create objects

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?
object=class()

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?
class name:


Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?
super().__init__(variable)

Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?
classes are the blueprint of the objects whereas modules are related to the function like libraries


Q10. How do you make instances and classes?
object: means when memory location is associated with the object (is a run-time entity of the class) by using the new operator.
instance:In simple words, Instance refers to the copy of the object at a particular time whereas object refers to the memory address of the class.


Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?
using init we can create the attribute

Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?
class Student:
	count=0
    def __init__(self, name, age): 
        self.name = name
        self.age = age
count is class attribute whereas name and age is instance attribute

Q13. What does the term "self" in a Python class mean?
self is nothing but the pointer for the object it can be used to find the attribute associated with a object

Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?


Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?

Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?

Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?

Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.
Make the actual exception handling centralized and implemented by the appropriate people.
Give developers the ability to plug their exception handling if required.
Make exception handling consistent across the whole application

Q19. What happens if you don't do something extra to treat an exception?
then code will show error and will stope there

Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?

Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.
try:
	.....
except 

Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of whether or not an exception exists.

Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?
if try statement failes it should not stop the entire code .

Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?


Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?
raise statement shows error for perticular script

Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?

Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it like?

Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?
kwargs and args are used to insert multiple attributein a function: like list or dictionary

Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?

Q30. What are Lambda Functions?
lambda functions are the inline function alson known as ananymous fuction

Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
inheritance is the property of inheriting the parent properties in child

Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of class C, which version gets invoked?

Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?

Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.
if you want to use same variable in nested function but with different value we can use nonlocal keyword

Q35. What is the global keyword?
we can use global keyword to use any variable in function.